The issue for Bitcoin, of course, is
that it's had all this time to
theoretically go to new all-time highs
if it was going to, if the super cycle
guys were right. But despite the fact
that the S&P kept putting in new
all-time highs, Bitcoin keeps lagging.
The problem is that we're getting closer
and closer and closer to a correction by
the S&P 500, right? This is now how many
weeks in a row? I mean, you know, seven,
eight weeks in a row where the S&P has
just gone up only. And at some point,
you're going to get at least a small
drop. And when that happens, it'll
likely hit Bitcoin because Bitcoin's
already been lagging. And so then when
the lower risk stuff gets hit, that's
when Bitcoin will often get hit even
harder. Think about the people that
bought altcoins in 2023, 2024, and 2025.
They basically just watched it bleed to
Bitcoin. When Bitcoin would go up, it
would lift the altcoin market with it,
but the minute Bitcoin started dropping,
altcoins would get annihilated. Now
we're further down the risk curve. Now,
Bitcoin goes up when the stock market
does, but because it's in a bare market,
whenever the stock market then drops,
Bitcoin then gets hit harder.